Enable log injection by default (#51)
DataDog/datadog-lambda-layer-js: README.md

### DD_LOGS_INJECTION

> To connect logs and traces, set the environment variable `DD_LOGS_INJECTION` to `true` if `console` is used for logging. For other logging libraries, see instructions for [automatic](https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/advanced/connect_logs_and_traces/?tab=nodejs#automatic-trace-id-injection) and [manual](https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/advanced/connect_logs_and_traces/?tab=nodejs#manual-trace-id-injection) trace id injection. Defaults to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Datadog trace id gets automatically injected into the logs for correlation, if using `console` or a logging library supported for [automatic](https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/connect_logs_and_traces/?tab=nodejs#automatic-trace-id-injection)  trace id injection.

See instructions for [manual](https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/connect_logs_and_traces/?tab=nodejs#manual-trace-id-injection) trace id injection, if using other logging libraries.

Set the environment variable `DD_LOGS_INJECTION` to `false` to disable this feature.
```
